STEP 10 — INTELLIGENCE ANALYSIS

Target:
chicken-road2.app

Investigation Type:
Passive OSINT / Public Information Gathering

Analysis Date:
2026-08-08


1. CLOUDFLARE REVERSE-PROXY / CDN EXPOSURE

Finding:

The target domain resolves to Cloudflare IP addresses:

- 172.67.137.239
- 104.21.38.193

The authoritative nameservers are:

- autumn.ns.cloudflare.com
- denver.ns.cloudflare.com

The HTTP response also identifies Cloudflare through the
Server header.

Analysis:

The evidence strongly indicates that Cloudflare is positioned
between public users and the target web infrastructure.

The observed IP addresses should therefore not automatically be
interpreted as the origin server IP addresses.

Security Significance:

Cloudflare can conceal the origin infrastructure and provide
CDN, reverse-proxy, caching and security services.

At the same time, the use of Cloudflare means that passive DNS
results alone provide limited information about the underlying
hosting infrastructure.

Assessment:

Informational / Infrastructure Observation

No direct vulnerability was established.


2. VERCEL / NEXT.JS INFRASTRUCTURE

Finding:

Cloudflare Radar identified technologies and infrastructure
associated with:

- Vercel
- Next.js
- Node.js
- React
- Webpack
- Cloudflare

The HTTP response also contained an X-Vercel-ID header.

Analysis:

The evidence indicates that the application is likely deployed
using Vercel infrastructure and built using the Next.js/React
technology stack.

Security Significance:

Technology identification can help an analyst understand the
application architecture and identify technologies that should
be monitored for future security advisories.

Technology disclosure itself is not a vulnerability.

Assessment:

Informational / Technology Fingerprinting

No vulnerability was established from the technology
identification alone.


3. WILDCARD TLS CERTIFICATE

Finding:

The current TLS certificate contains:

- chicken-road2.app
- *.chicken-road2.app

Certificate Transparency records also show previous certificates
covering wildcard identities.

Analysis:

The wildcard certificate indicates that the certificate is valid
for subdomains under chicken-road2.app.

However, the presence of a wildcard certificate does not prove
that those subdomains currently exist or are publicly accessible.

The investigation did not identify an additional live subdomain
through the passive sources examined.

Security Significance:

Wildcard certificates can be useful for identifying the potential
scope of an organization's TLS configuration.

They may also provide clues for further passive subdomain
investigation.

Assessment:

Informational

No exposed subdomain or certificate-related vulnerability was
established.


4. CERTIFICATE ROTATION / MULTIPLE CERTIFICATE AUTHORITIES

Finding:

Certificate Transparency records show certificates associated
with the target issued by multiple certificate authorities,
including:

- Let's Encrypt
- Google Trust Services
- Sectigo
- Cloudflare TLS issuing authorities

Analysis:

The domain has used multiple publicly trusted certificate
authorities over time.

This demonstrates recurring certificate issuance and changes
in TLS infrastructure.

Security Significance:

Certificate Transparency provides useful historical information
about changes in certificate deployment.

However, multiple certificates do not indicate malicious activity
or a security vulnerability by themselves.

Assessment:

Informational / Historical Infrastructure Observation


5. HTTP SECURITY HEADERS

Finding:

The initial response from the bare domain returned:

- HTTP 307 redirect
- HSTS
- Cloudflare server information
- HTTP/3 advertisement

The following headers were not observed in the tested response:

- Content-Security-Policy
- X-Frame-Options
- X-Content-Type-Options
- Referrer-Policy
- Permissions-Policy

Analysis:

The target has HSTS enabled, which is a positive security
configuration because it instructs compatible browsers to use
HTTPS for the domain.

However, the absence of the listed security headers from the
initial 307 response may indicate that additional browser
security controls should be reviewed on the final application
response.

Importantly, the test was performed against the initial redirect
response. The absence of headers from this response alone does
not establish that the final website response lacks those headers.

Security Significance:

Security headers can reduce the impact of certain classes of
web attacks and strengthen browser-side security controls.

Assessment:

Security Configuration Observation

Further verification of the final HTTP 200 response would be
required before treating missing headers as a confirmed issue.


6. ROBOTS.TXT INFORMATION DISCLOSURE

Finding:

robots.txt contains:

- Disallow: /api/*
- Disallow: /go/*
- Disallow: /pages/condition-utilisation

It also references:

https://www.chicken-road2.app/sitemap.xml

Several automated crawlers are explicitly restricted, including:

- AhrefsBot
- SemrushBot
- dotbot
- Screaming Frog SEO Spider
- ChatGPT-User

Analysis:

robots.txt provides information about paths that the website
operator does not want certain crawlers to access.

The presence of /api/* and /go/* is particularly useful from an
OSINT perspective because it reveals application path patterns.

However, robots.txt is not an access-control mechanism.

A Disallow directive does not prevent a user from requesting a
resource directly.

Security Significance:

The file provides useful information about the application's
URL structure and potentially interesting application areas.

The existence of these paths does not prove that they contain
sensitive information or vulnerabilities.

Assessment:

Informational / Attack-Surface Observation

No vulnerability was established from robots.txt alone.


7. SITEMAP INFORMATION

Finding:

The sitemap contains the following publicly listed URLs:

- https://www.chicken-road2.app/
- https://www.chicken-road2.app/de
- https://www.chicken-road2.app/es
- https://www.chicken-road2.app/fr
- https://www.chicken-road2.app/pl
- https://www.chicken-road2.app/ro

The sitemap also contains hreflang declarations for multiple
languages.

Analysis:

The sitemap exposes the publicly indexed URL structure of the
website and indicates that the site supports multiple language
versions.

No additional subdomains were identified through the sitemap.

Security Significance:

Sitemaps can assist passive reconnaissance by revealing URLs
that the site operator intends search engines to discover.

In this case, the sitemap primarily exposes normal public website
pages.

Assessment:

Informational

No security vulnerability was identified.


8. DNSSEC / DOMAIN CONFIGURATION

Finding:

Registry information indicates that the domain's DNS zone is
signed, while the delegation was reported as unsigned.

The domain uses Cloudflare authoritative nameservers.

Analysis:

The available registry information indicates DNSSEC-related
configuration, although the registry representation should be
interpreted carefully because zone signing and delegation status
are distinct components.

Security Significance:

DNSSEC can provide cryptographic protection against certain forms
of DNS tampering when correctly deployed throughout the chain.

Assessment:

Informational / Security Configuration Observation


9. SUBDOMAIN DISCOVERY

Finding:

Passive sources examined during the investigation did not reveal
an additional confirmed live subdomain beyond:

www.chicken-road2.app

Certificate Transparency contained wildcard certificates, but
wildcard certificates alone do not prove the existence of
individual subdomains.

Analysis:

The currently available passive evidence does not establish a
larger publicly exposed subdomain attack surface.

Security Significance:

A limited publicly observable subdomain footprint reduces the
amount of infrastructure that could be identified through the
passive sources examined.

This does not prove that additional subdomains do not exist.

Assessment:

No confirmed security issue identified.


10. OVERALL SECURITY ASSESSMENT

The investigation identified several useful infrastructure and
configuration observations, including:

- Cloudflare reverse-proxy infrastructure
- Vercel / Next.js technology indicators
- Public TLS certificate information
- Historical Certificate Transparency records
- HSTS
- HTTP/3 support
- Public robots.txt path information
- Public sitemap information
- Cloudflare DNS infrastructure
- Limited publicly confirmed subdomain exposure

No critical or high-severity vulnerability was established
through the passive OSINT investigation.

The most notable security observations are configuration and
information-disclosure related rather than confirmed
vulnerabilities.

Further testing would be required to determine whether the
application paths identified through robots.txt or other sources
expose sensitive functionality.

This investigation remained within passive OSINT and publicly
accessible information gathering. No intrusive testing,
authentication bypass, exploitation, or unauthorized access was
performed.
